_drafts/2021-10-06-GOHUNT.md, before:

---
layout: photo_post
title:  "GOHUNT"
date:   2021-10-06 11:18:12 -0700
author: Max Fronek
excerpt: THE Hunting Company
categories: branding ui/ux content marketing design frontend
cover_color: orange
order: 1
jump_links: true
images:
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gh-cover.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half 
    title: One of GOHUNT's key brand images, showing a hunter getting ready for the 'real work' of packing out a harvest
    blockquote: Leading design &amp; production for a passionate, enthusiastic market&nbsp;leader
    paragraph: |
      I have been GOHUNT's Creative Director since October 2021, and in that time have led multiple design efforts across a diverse team and product set. GOHUNT's offering includes a SaaS platform, ecommerce storefront, content wing, and educational platform, and I've been intimately involved in the visual presentation and overall messaging of every part of it since starting. Whether as a team leader, stakeholder, or hands-on individual contributor, I'm always happy to roll up my sleeves and get the job done.  
  #branding
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gh-lockup.jpg
    width: twothirds
    heading: Branding
    paragraph: |
      When I began, GOHUNT was working with an agency to lead a rebranding effort and had run into a wall with communication and needs. I took over leadership of the project and successfully worked with the agency and our internal team to bring the project across the finish line.
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-2.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-1.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
    blockquote: |
      GOHUNT had one untouchable element&#58; the diamond. Holding special significance to the founder and his family, I put it at the center of the brand system as a single, unifying graphic.
    text_link: See the full GOHUNT Brand Guide here
    text_link_destination: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rU33rKyOH6EMkPu8YOSI241uGDeHrcOA/view
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt_office.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
  #Start marketing
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt-3d-maps-hype-video.mp4
    poster: images/post_images/gohunt/3d-maps-poster.jpg
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: Marketing
    change_bg: orange
    blockquote: |
      From new product features to gear drops, from email design to social assets of all kinds, my role is to elevate and evolve what our audience sees and participates with. 
  - img_url: gallery
    gallery_id: marketing
    slidesPerView: 2
    gallery_images: 
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/kingsLaunch.jpg
        alt: An example ad for the launch of King's Camoflauge in the GOHUNT Gear Shop 
        border: true
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/BFsneakPeek.jpg
        alt: A pre-Black Friday sneak peek ad from 2023
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/Insider-1.jpg
        alt: An evergreen ad for GOHUNT's research platform, Insider
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/BFsneakPeek-2.jpg
        alt: A pre-Black Friday sneak peek ad from 2023
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/Insider-2.jpg
        alt: An evergreen ad for GOHUNT's research platform, Insider
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/huntingSuccess.jpg
    width: onethird
    invert: true
    title: An evergreen graphic for GOHUNT's research tools
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/tracks.jpg
    width: onethird
    invert: true
    title: A product feature ad showcasing one of the core tools of GOHUNT's navigation platform
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/giftGuide__9x16.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: onethird
    title: A gift guide ad using the style established for that campaign
    blockquote: |
      Across GOHUNT's verticals and content types, the variety of what we need to promote always keeps me on my toes and thinking of new ways to communicate with our audience while staying genuine to our brand values.
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/beersbagsbucks.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half
    title: A flyer I illustrated and designed for an in-house event
#frontend ui ix
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt-3d-maps-hype-video.mp4
    poster: images/post_images/gohunt/3d-maps-poster.jpg
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: Frontend / UI / UX
#content
  - img_url: blank
    heading: Content Production
    blockquote: |
      GOHUNT's content arm is the 'tip of the arrow', bringing in new audiences and introducing the brand to hunters of all kinds. From full-length original films to podcasts, I am responsible for making sure the production tema is on point.
  - img_url: gallery
    gallery_id: originals 
    slidesPerView: 4
    gallery_images:
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/YoungBuck__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Young Buck
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/OMR__fullFilm__poster 2.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, One More Ridge
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/042022__NBS__poster__A.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Nothing but Daylight
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/ByBlood__fullFilm__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, By Blood
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/goodVibes__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Good Vibes
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/TOF__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Tales of Fantail
    paragraph: |
      GOHUNT's original films are our biggest driver of new people into the ecosystem. After starting, I ensured their releases were lock in with promotional graphics, in-person events, ecommerce tie-ins, and a full marketing launch. This not only helped us get the most out of who saw them, but increased the average views as well.


---

#### What I Did
**Brand Design**  
Overall Branding, Logo Design, Collateral<br />
**Frontend / UI / UX**<br />
Ecommerce design, Shopify Liquid Code, Figma Design, Components, and Prototyping<br />
**Production**<br />
Still Photography, Video Editing, Motion Graphics, 3D Renders, MOGRT Creation<br />
**Marketing**<br />
Email Templates, Campaigns & Flows, Multiplatform Ad Placements<br />
**Leadership**<br />
Led a team of 5+ designers, editors, videographers, and product desginers. Managed network of freelance resources across design verticals. Worked with stakeholders and company leadership on growth initiatives, core messaging, and branding efforts. 

#### The Team
**GOHUNT**<br />
Product Designers: Justin Stephens, Andrew Elder, Sophia Fiorentino<br />
Graphic Designer: Conor Murphy<br />
Junior Visual Designer: Ami Trivedi<br>

**OH Partners**<br />
ECD: Tim Washburn<br />
Art Director: Kurt Snider<br />

#### Software &amp; Tools Used
Figma, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Blender, Premiere, Audition, Asana, Slack, Midjourney, Adobe Podcast

Visit [GOHUNT](http://gohunt.com)

Commit message:

small changes to homepage and working on menu and post updates

_drafts/2021-10-06-GOHUNT.md, after:

---
layout: photo_post
title:  "GOHUNT"
date:   2021-10-06 11:18:12 -0700
author: Max Fronek
excerpt: THE Hunting Company
categories: branding ui/ux content marketing design frontend
cover_color: orange
order: 1
jump_links: true
images:
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gh-cover.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half 
    title: One of GOHUNT's key brand images, showing a hunter getting ready for the 'real work' of packing out a harvest
    blockquote: Leading design &amp; production for a passionate, enthusiastic market&nbsp;leader
    paragraph: |
      I have been GOHUNT's Creative Director since October 2021, and in that time have led multiple design efforts across a diverse team and product set. GOHUNT's offering includes a SaaS platform, ecommerce storefront, content wing, and educational platform, and I've been intimately involved in the visual presentation and overall messaging of every part of it since starting. Whether as a team leader, stakeholder, or hands-on individual contributor, I'm always happy to roll up my sleeves and get the job done.  
  #branding
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gh-lockup.jpg
    width: twothirds
    heading: Branding
    paragraph: |
      When I began, GOHUNT was working with an agency to lead a rebranding effort and had run into a wall with communication and needs. I took over leadership of the project and successfully worked with the agency and our internal team to bring the project across the finish line.
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-2.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-1.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
    blockquote: |
      GOHUNT had one untouchable element&#58; the diamond. Holding special significance to the founder and his family, I put it at the center of the brand system as a single, unifying graphic.
    text_link: See the full GOHUNT Brand Guide here
    text_link_destination: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rU33rKyOH6EMkPu8YOSI241uGDeHrcOA/view
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt_office.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
    blockquote: |
      I worked directly with the founder to distill the company's core values and ethos into a single statement. He narrated this statement over evocative hunt footage to create the core anchor video for the rebrand.
  - img_url: https://www.youtube.com/embed/cx_M12fCoEU
    width: twothirds
    offset: true
  #Start marketing
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt-3d-maps-hype-video.mp4
    poster: images/post_images/gohunt/3d-maps-poster.jpg
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: Marketing
    change_bg: orange
    blockquote: |
      From new product features to gear drops, from email design to social assets of all kinds, my role is to elevate and evolve what our audience sees and participates with. 
  - img_url: gallery
    gallery_id: marketing
    slidesPerView: 2
    gallery_images: 
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/kingsLaunch.jpg
        alt: An example ad for the launch of King's Camoflauge in the GOHUNT Gear Shop 
        border: true
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/BFsneakPeek.jpg
        alt: A pre-Black Friday sneak peek ad from 2023
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/Insider-1.jpg
        alt: An evergreen ad for GOHUNT's research platform, Insider
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/BFsneakPeek-2.jpg
        alt: A pre-Black Friday sneak peek ad from 2023
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/Insider-2.jpg
        alt: An evergreen ad for GOHUNT's research platform, Insider
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/huntingSuccess.jpg
    width: onethird
    invert: true
    title: An evergreen graphic for GOHUNT's research tools
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/tracks.jpg
    width: onethird
    invert: true
    title: A product feature ad showcasing one of the core tools of GOHUNT's navigation platform
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/giftGuide__9x16.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: onethird
    title: A gift guide ad using the style established for that campaign
    blockquote: |
      Across GOHUNT's verticals and content types, the variety of what we need to promote always keeps me on my toes and thinking of new ways to communicate with our audience while staying genuine to our brand values.
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/beersbagsbucks.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half
    title: A flyer I illustrated and designed for an in-house event
#frontend ui ix
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/gohunt-3d-maps-hype-video.mp4
    poster: images/post_images/gohunt/3d-maps-poster.jpg
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: Frontend / UI / UX
#content
  - img_url: blank
    heading: Content Production
    blockquote: |
      GOHUNT's content arm is the 'tip of the arrow', bringing in new members of our audience and introducing the brand to hunters of all kinds.
  - img_url: gallery
    gallery_id: originals 
    slidesPerView: 4
    gallery_images:
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/YoungBuck__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Young Buck
        border: true
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/OMR__fullFilm__poster 2.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, One More Ridge
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/042022__NBS__poster__A.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Nothing but Daylight
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/ByBlood__fullFilm__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, By Blood
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/goodVibes__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Good Vibes
      - path: images/post_images/gohunt/originals/TOF__poster.jpg
        alt: Poster for GOHUNT Original, Tales of Fantail
    paragraph: |
      GOHUNT's original films are a key driver to bring new people into the ecosystem. After starting, I ensured their releases were locked in with promotional graphics, in-person events, ecommerce tie-ins, and a full marketing launch. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSi_azl6Ipc&list=PLBbY7PGzu7VMwkFmibH39hgx8VLzDEIXH" target="_blank">View GOHUNT Originals on YouTube</a>
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/marketing/BFsneakPeek.jpg
    blockquote: |
      GOHUNT also produces short-form content, aiming to help hunters broaden and develop their skills, learn about new gear, and engage with conservation efforts in the hunting community.


---

#### What I Did
**Brand Design**  
Overall Branding, Logo Design, Collateral<br />
**Frontend / UI / UX**<br />
Ecommerce design, Shopify Liquid Code, Figma Design, Components, and Prototyping<br />
**Production**<br />
Still Photography, Video Editing, Motion Graphics, 3D Renders, MOGRT Creation<br />
**Marketing**<br />
Email Templates, Campaigns & Flows, Multiplatform Ad Placements<br />
**Leadership**<br />
Led a team of 5+ designers, editors, videographers, and product desginers. Managed network of freelance resources across design verticals. Worked with stakeholders and company leadership on growth initiatives, core messaging, and branding efforts. 

#### The Team
**GOHUNT**<br />
Product Designers: Justin Stephens, Andrew Elder, Sophia Fiorentino<br />
Graphic Designer: Conor Murphy<br />
Junior Visual Designer: Ami Trivedi<br>
Video Editors: Mather McKallor, Marcus Richardson<br />
Videographer/Photographer: Cody Boor

**OH Partners**<br />
ECD: Tim Washburn<br />
Art Director: Kurt Snider<br />

#### Software &amp; Tools Used
Figma, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Blender, Premiere, Audition, Asana, Slack, Midjourney, Adobe Podcast

Visit [GOHUNT](http://gohunt.com)
