_drafts/2022-04-01-OutdoorClass.md, before:

---
layout: photo_post
title:  "OutdoorClass"
date:   2022-04-01 14:18:12 -0700
author: Max Fronek
excerpt: The Outdoors are Calling
categories: branding ui/ux marketing design
cover_color: sage
order: 1.15
jump_links: false
images:
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/CJ__bugle__hero__web.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half 
    position: 50% 25%
    blockquote: Launching a new platform, one class at a time
    paragraph: |
      In early 2022 leaders in the hunting & outdoors space space got together to launch something unique in the industry: the only hunting skills-focused education platform. I was tasked with building the brand from the ground up and launching it to the world.
  #branding
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/RandyNewberg__RifleElkHunting__Primary_16x9--B.jpg
    width: twothirds
    heading: Branding
    title: Randy Newberg's's primary playbill artwork
    blockquote: |
      Every instructor has thier own unique sub-brand, with a stylized playbill, logo, and typeface serving as their visual identity
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/RemiWarren__FindingMuleDeer__Primary_16x9.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
    title: Remi Warren's primary playbill artwork
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-1.jpg
    width: half
    paragraph: The design brief only had one untouchable element&#58; the diamond icon. It held special significance to the founder and his family, and I was happy to hear it. I saw the entire brand system revolving around this single, unifying graphic, and set to work creating a new color structure and design language around it.
    text_link: See the full GOHUNT Brand Guide here
    text_link_destination: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rU33rKyOH6EMkPu8YOSI241uGDeHrcOA/view
  #Start ui ux
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/video/oc__mobile__homepage.mp4
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: UI / UX
    blockquote: |
      We leveraged Vimeo OTT for the paid platform and Webflow for everything in front of the paywall, allowing for a seamless design-to-build pipeline while letting the production team have complete freedom to publish as needed.
  - img_url: images/post_images/coast/coast-1.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: onethird

---

#### What I Did
**Brand Design**  
Overall Branding, Logo Design, Collateral<br />
**UI / UX**<br />
Ecommerce design, Webflow (build), Figma (design, component structure, and prototyping)<br />
**Production**<br />
Video Editing, Motion Graphics, MOGRT Creation<br />

#### Software &amp; Tools Used
Figma, Webflow, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Blender, Premiere, Audition, Asana, Slack, Midjourney, Adobe Podcast

### The Team
**GOHUNT**<br />
Graphic Designer: Conor Murphy<br />
Junior Visual Designer: Ami Trivedi<br>

**OH Partners**<br />
ECD: Tim Washburn
Art Director: Kurt Snider

Visit [GOHUNT](http://gohunt.com)

Commit message:

Edits to case studies, buildout of a few, big changes to homepage, addition of archive, and css and typography edits

_drafts/2022-04-01-OutdoorClass.md, after:

---
layout: photo_post
title:  "OutdoorClass"
date:   2022-04-01 14:18:12 -0700
author: Max Fronek
excerpt: The Outdoors are Calling
categories: branding frontend marketing design
cover_color: sage
order: 1.15
jump_links: false
images:
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/CJ__bugle__hero__web.jpg
    invert: invert
    width: half 
    position: 50% 25%
    title: Corey Jacobsen's primary playbill artwork, shwoing him bugling for an elk
    blockquote: Launching a new platform, one class at a time
    paragraph: |
      In early 2022 leaders in the hunting & outdoors space space got together to launch something unique in the industry: the only hunting skills-focused education platform. I was tasked with building the brand from the ground up and launching it to the world.
  #branding
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/oc_brand-lockup.jpg
    width: twothirds
    heading: Branding
    title: The primary OutdoorClass lockup
    blockquote: |
        I worked with the team at <a href="https://ohpartners.com" target="_blank">OH Partners</a> to create OutdoorClass' initial branding. Kurt Snider led the logo design, while I handled overall branding and typography. Together we were able to make something new and unique in the outdoor space.
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/oc_brand-lockup--2.jpg
    title: One of OutdoorClass' primary brand slogans with a lineup of instructors
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/RandyNewberg__RifleElkHunting__Primary_16x9--B.jpg
    width: twothirds
    title: Randy Newberg's's primary playbill artwork
    blockquote: |
      Every instructor has thier own unique sub-brand, with a stylized playbill, logo, and typeface serving as their visual identity
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/RemiWarren__FindingMuleDeer__Primary_16x9.jpg
    width: half
    invert: true
    title: Remi Warren's primary playbill artwork
  - img_url: images/post_images/gohunt/brand-guide/gh-brand-guiude-1.jpg
    width: half
    paragraph: The design brief only had one untouchable element&#58; the diamond icon. It held special significance to the founder and his family, and I was happy to hear it. I saw the entire brand system revolving around this single, unifying graphic, and set to work creating a new color structure and design language around it.
    text_link: See the full GOHUNT Brand Guide here
    text_link_destination: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rU33rKyOH6EMkPu8YOSI241uGDeHrcOA/view
  #Start ui ux
  - img_url: images/post_images/outdoorclass/video/oc__mobile__homepage.mp4
    width: twothirds
    invert: invert
    heading: Frontend
    poster: images/post_images/outdoorclass/oc_brand-lockup.jpg
    blockquote: |
      We use Vimeo OTT for the paid platform and Webflow for everything in front of the paywall, allowing for a seamless design-to-build marketing pipeline while giving the production team complete freedom to publish new content as needed.
#marketing
  - img_url: https://www.youtube.com/embed/biKb8mCoZV4
    invert: invert
    heading: Marketing
    title: A video I produced for OutdoorCLass demonstrating the breadth of knowledge and instructors on the platform
    show_caption: true
    blockquote: |
      OutdoorClass launched in June of 2022 and was immediately well-received by the community, blowing past projections for signups in the first month.


---

#### What I Did
**Brand Design**  
Overall Branding, Logo Design, Collateral<br />
**Frontend**<br />
Ecommerce design, Webflow (build), Figma (design, component structure, and prototyping)<br />
**Production**<br />
Video Editing, Motion Graphics, MOGRT Creation<br />

#### Software &amp; Tools Used
Figma, Webflow, InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Blender, Premiere, Audition, Asana, Slack, Midjourney, Adobe Podcast

### The Team
**GOHUNT**<br />
Graphic Designer: Conor Murphy<br />
Junior Visual Designer: Ami Trivedi<br>

**OH Partners**<br />
ECD: Tim Washburn
Art Director: Kurt Snider

Visit [GOHUNT](http://gohunt.com)
